

# Update meeting 8 March 2018

## Report

- Jonas has integrated rules from dafny lemmas.
- Pull request is there.

- Name conflicts for danfy lemma rules: Sanity check (**JK**)
    - builtin rules --> warning
    - keywords of the script language --> error
    - issue warning if rules is hidden

## Discussion

### Exhaustive rules: Is this a flag to the rule or a wrapper around rule application?
- Question: Same mechanism for all rules or different for each of them?
- Different wrappers: deep  vs shallow / exhaustive vs single / branching vs selective / ...
- The decision is not trivial. Both ways seem reasonable.
- *Resolution*: meta command `exhaustive` that takes rule as argument
   - Question: Better as a function in `RuleApplicator`? or as own wrapping rule?

## Next steps

- Warning / Exception concept at various places.

- [ ] Interpreter must load rules via `Project.getRules(PVC)` (or so) (**SG**)

- [ ] Fill "Save and reload" button with life (**SG**)
    - [ ] Class `ProjectSaver`
````
class ProjectSaver {
  /** UI components can make themselves known here */
  addDafnyFileProvider(String filename, Provider<String>)
  /** UI components can make themselves known here */
  addScriptProvider(String pvcName, Provider<String>)

  /** read all files from the providers and store them to 
    * corresponding files and into the snapshot zip file. */
  saveProject()
}
````
- *Intermediate Goal:* Get it running for one example. Everybody: look for examples.

- [ ] Contact Philipp for merging (**SG**)

- [ ] Method calls (**MU**)

- *Near Goal:* Editing code:
    - [ ] Add a boolean property `modifiedCode` to the master controller (?)
    - [ ] Make editor pane set that to true as soon as dafny code is modified.
    - [ ] Make other panes listen to property and set themselves to disabled/enabled accordingly.
    - [ ] Fill the "save and reload" with life (see above)
    - [ ] Make reloading reset the property to `false`

- [ ] Matching im Interpreter needs to work with labels.
- [ ] `ProofNode.getLabel` needs to be done, read from `ProofRuleApplication.branchInfo` (**SG**)

- [ ] Install `z3` on `i57pool4`, `i57pool5` (**MU**)